broadcasters/guides/fund-broadcaster.mdx, before:

---
title: Fund The Livepeer Broadcaster
icon: ethereum
description:
  The following steps will walk you through adding funds to the newly created
  ETH account. This includes funding the ETH account on Ethereum Mainnet,
  bridging the funds to Arbritrum's L2 Network, and finally using the Livepeer
  CLI to allocate the proper deposit and reserve amounts.
---

# Add Fund to Broadcaster Wallet

In order to use the Broadcaster you need to send ETH to your Broadcaster address
on Ethereum Mainnet and then bridged to Arbitrum's L2 Network.

**_Note:_**

- _if you have ETH on the Arbitrum L2 Network, you can simply transfer the funds
  to the newly created Broadcaster ETH Account._
- _Livepeer runs on the Arbitrium's L2 Network and requires the funds to be
  bridged._

# Bridge Funds to Arbitrum

If you need to bridge ETH you can use the official bridge
https://bridge.arbitrum.io/ or use an exchange that supports L2 transfers.

Once you have ETH on the Arbitrum network, transfer it to your newly created
Broadcaster address.

# Deposit Broadcaster Funds via Livepeer CLI

We now need to divide the Broadcaster funds into a **Deposit** and **Reserve**

In this guide we are using a total of 0.1 ETH. This is minimum recommended and
best suited for testing.

To calculate the price your Broadcaster will pay for transcoding, divide the
_Reserve_ amount by 100. In our example each payment will be 0.0003 ETH (0.03
/ 100)

As you pay for transcoding the amount paid is subtracted from your _Deposit_, so
make sure to monitor your _Deposit_ balance and top it off to keep your
Broadcaster transcoding.

## Open the Livepeer CLI

Open the Livepeer CLI by following the instructions for your platform.

Choose **Option 11. Invoke "deposit broadcasting funds" (ETH)**

- Enter 0.065 for the **Deposit** and 0.03 for the **Reserve** amounts when
  prompted.

Choose **Option 1. Get node status** and confirm that the correct amounts are
visible in the **BROADCASTER STATS** section.

Commit message:

Add Links to Livepeer Docs

broadcasters/guides/fund-broadcaster.mdx, after:

---
title: Fund The Livepeer Broadcaster
icon: ethereum
description:
  The following steps will walk you through adding funds to the newly created
  ETH account. This includes funding the ETH account on Ethereum Mainnet,
  bridging the funds to Arbritrum's L2 Network, and finally using the Livepeer
  CLI to allocate the proper deposit and reserve amounts.
---

# Add Fund to Broadcaster Wallet

In order to use the Broadcaster you need to send ETH to your Broadcaster address
on Ethereum Mainnet and then bridged to Arbitrum's L2 Network.

**_Note:_**

- _if you have ETH on the Arbitrum L2 Network, you can simply transfer the funds
  to the newly created Broadcaster ETH Account._
- _Livepeer runs on the Arbitrium's L2 Network and requires the funds to be
  bridged._

# Bridge Funds to Arbitrum

If you need to bridge ETH you can use the official bridge
https://bridge.arbitrum.io/ or use an exchange that supports L2 transfers. For additonal
information on bridging view the [Livepeer bridging guide.](/delegators/guides/bridge-lpt-to-arbitrum)

Once you have ETH on the Arbitrum network, transfer it to your newly created
Broadcaster address.

# Deposit Broadcaster Funds via Livepeer CLI

We now need to divide the Broadcaster funds into a **Deposit** and **Reserve**

In this guide we are using a total of 0.1 ETH. This is minimum recommended and
best suited for testing.

To calculate the price your Broadcaster will pay for transcoding, divide the
_Reserve_ amount by 100. In our example each payment will be 0.0003 ETH (0.03
/ 100)

As you pay for transcoding the amount paid is subtracted from your _Deposit_, so
make sure to monitor your _Deposit_ balance and top it off to keep your
Broadcaster transcoding.

## Open the Livepeer CLI

Open the Livepeer CLI by following the instructions for your platform.

Choose **Option 11. Invoke "deposit broadcasting funds" (ETH)**

- Enter 0.065 for the **Deposit** and 0.03 for the **Reserve** amounts when
  prompted.

Choose **Option 1. Get node status** and confirm that the correct amounts are
visible in the **BROADCASTER STATS** section.
