broadcasters/guides/overview.mdx, before:

---
title: Overview
description:
  This guide will walk you through the Livepeer Broadcaster installation and
  setup. Steps to install for Ubuntu Linux, Docker, and Windows are provided.
  Choose the environment you want, follow install instructions, then continue to
  the configuration section.
icon: Rocket
---

# Quick Links

[Docker Installation](/broadcasters/guides/docker-install)

[Linux Installation](/broadcasters/guides/linux-install)

[Windows Installation](/broadcasters/guides/windows-install)

[Configure Transcoding Options](/broadcasters/guides/transcoding-options)

[Fund the Livepeer Broadcaster](/broadcasters/guides/fund-broadcaster)

[Publish Content](/broadcasters/guides/publish-content)

[Playback Content](/broadcasters/guides/playback-content)

## Prerequisites

This guide assumes you are familiar with installing software on unix-based
systems. You should be comfortable with command-line syntax, Networking,
Firewalls, and containerized environments. You should have a basic understanding
of the Livepeer protocol. You dont have to be an expert, but troubleshooting
skills will come in handy.

This guide was developed using:

- Ubuntu Linux 22.04
- Docker 20.10.14
- Windows
- Livepeer 0.7.2
- root user access (sudo is ok)

Have access to an Arbitrum RPC URL. This is required to run Livepeer. 
Popular services include [Infura](https://www.infura.io/) and 
[Alchemy](https://www.alchemy.com/). Be aware that these services have their
own pricing plans. That being said, the latest versions of livepeer should be able
to stay within the request limit for these provider's free tier at least for a single 
node. As an alternative, you can self-host your own Arbitrum node, see the 
[instructions from Offchain Labs](https://docs.arbitrum.io/node-running/how-tos/running-a-full-node).

Commit message:

Add Links to Livepeer Docs

broadcasters/guides/overview.mdx, after:

---
title: Overview
description:
  This guide will walk you through the Livepeer Broadcaster installation and
  setup. Steps to install for Ubuntu Linux, Docker, and Windows are provided.
  Choose the environment you want, follow install instructions, then continue to
  the configuration section.
icon: Rocket
---

# Quick Links

[Docker Installation](/broadcasters/guides/docker-install)

[Linux Installation](/broadcasters/guides/linux-install)

[Windows Installation](/broadcasters/guides/windows-install)

[Configure Transcoding Options](/broadcasters/guides/transcoding-options)

[Fund the Livepeer Broadcaster](/broadcasters/guides/fund-broadcaster)

[Publish Content](/broadcasters/guides/publish-content)

[Playback Content](/broadcasters/guides/playback-content)

## Prerequisites

This guide assumes you are familiar with installing software on unix-based
systems. You should be comfortable with command-line syntax, Networking,
Firewalls, and containerized environments. You should have a basic understanding
of the Livepeer protocol. You dont have to be an expert, but troubleshooting
skills will come in handy.  For more information view the go Livepeer [installation guide.](//orchestrators/guides/install-go-livepeer)



This guide was developed using:

- Ubuntu Linux 22.04
- Docker 20.10.14
- Windows
- Livepeer 0.7.2
- root user access (sudo is ok)

Have access to an Arbitrum RPC URL. This is required to run Livepeer. 
Popular services include [Infura](https://www.infura.io/) and 
[Alchemy](https://www.alchemy.com/). Be aware that these services have their
own pricing plans. That being said, the latest versions of livepeer should be able
to stay within the request limit for these provider's free tier at least for a single 
node. As an alternative, you can self-host your own Arbitrum node, see the 
[instructions from Offchain Labs](https://docs.arbitrum.io/node-running/how-tos/running-a-full-node).
